Update dev docs EVM intro (#10994)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: public/content/developers/docs/evm/index.md

lang: en
---

> The Ethereum Virtual Machine(EVM) is the runtime environment for smart contracts in Ethereum.Every time a transaction is executed, a new EVM instance is created to maintain a unique world state machine.
> 
> The Ethereum protocol itself exists solely for the purpose of keeping the continuous, uninterrupted, and immutable operation of this special state machine. It's the environment in which all Ethereum accounts and smart contracts live. At any given block in the chain, Ethereum has one and only one 'canonical' state, and the EVM is what defines the rules for computing a new valid state from block to block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) is a core component of the Ethereum protocol, serving as a decentralized virtual environment for Ethereums state machine. It ensures that code runs consistently and securely across all nodes in the Ethereum network. The EVM's operation is powered by "[gas](/gas)".
```

Thanks @cradle0fFilth 

I agree this first section could be improved, but I don't think this changes the clarity of this section. I left a suggestion for what I would do here. Let me know what you think!
